README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <img src="./assets/Transparent.png" width="150px" height="150px" alt="Aero Logo" />
    <h1>Aero</h1>
    A next-generation Discord mod empowering users and developers alike.
</div>

---
![aero](https://img.shields.io/badge/-aero-blue?style=flat-square&color=%236B87DE)
![Repo Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/aero-mod/aero?style=flat-square&color=%236B87DE)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/aero-mod/aero/build?style=flat-square&color=%236B87DE)](https://github.com/aero-mod/aero/releases/tag/development)
![Wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/00c7afe5-77ae-4122-9969-8fa677814618/project/4a921a8c-f97e-4fe3-9804-9b18ed5c3c4a.svg?style=flat-square)


The spiritual successor to [Velocity](https://github.com/Velocity-Discord/Velocity).

## License Information

This project is licensed under the GNU [General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/). All derivative works and addons must also be licensed under the GNU GPL v3.0 or later and may include one of the headers provided.

Commit message:

(README) Add install instructions
Signed-off-by: axolotl <87679354+TheCommieAxolotl@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <img src="./assets/Transparent.png" width="150px" height="150px" alt="Aero Logo" />
    <h1>Aero</h1>
    A next-generation Discord mod empowering users and developers alike.
</div>

---
![aero](https://img.shields.io/badge/-aero-blue?style=flat-square&color=%236B87DE)
![Repo Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/aero-mod/aero?style=flat-square&color=%236B87DE)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/aero-mod/aero/build?style=flat-square&color=%236B87DE)](https://github.com/aero-mod/aero/releases/tag/development)
![Wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/00c7afe5-77ae-4122-9969-8fa677814618/project/4a921a8c-f97e-4fe3-9804-9b18ed5c3c4a.svg?style=flat-square)

## Installing

Clone this repo to your machine:
```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/aero-mod/aero aero
```

Install deps and build it locally
```bash
$ pnpm i
$ pnpm build
```

Inject into discord
```bash
$ pnpm inject <channel>
```

Tada! 🎉

## License Information

This project is licensed under the GNU [General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/). All derivative works and addons must also be licensed under the GNU GPL v3.0 or later and may include one of the headers provided.


###### The spiritual successor to [Velocity](https://github.com/Velocity-Discord/Velocity).
